
2015-02-07 14:06:05

Wei: Idea: block code generator.

Josh: API offline documentation.

Wei: A visualization of Java source.

Josh: Helps people learn.
 Use abstract syntax tree.

Thomas: The current ideas don't sound bad.
  Idea: find bugs.
  Implement a find a bugs extension

Wei: we might have to maintain the project even after.

Nate: the virtual display requeries deep research.

Miguel: Idea: Intellisense. 

Wei: Problem: modify BlueJ source.

Josh: BlueCLJ. IDE supports clojure.

Wei: Do risk analysis on each of the ideas?


Thomas: Jody likes tangible proof of work done.

Josh: Project Chirp and Project Git give status report together.

Josh: Get consensus on our Research presentations and present next week.

Nathan: Set the date and topic.

Josh: Presentations about how to pair people people together and assign roles.

Wei: So that is team building.

Nate: Thomas said pick a topic and go with it.

Josh: Project Git has accomplished this week's goals and surpassed them.
   We implemented the Git Commit and Init features.

   Miguel implemented the clone and push features.

Wei: Project Chirp has been researching various topics.
   Project Chirp will gather information and get and idea for the presentation.

Josh: Project Git will try to polish

Wei: Don't polish Project Git and just document everything.

MigueL: project Git is in the way of the bigger project.

Wei: The team meeting will be on Tuesday and when we get the big group together.


Josh: I don't want to talk about work in our team building meating.

Wei: I agree.

Decisions:

  Have a idea list by monday. Wednesday finalize.
  Project Git wraps up.
  Presentation researching.
  Next presentation.
  Schedule reminder on Monday.
--


Josh: Some people work better solo.

Nate: Pair programming increases communication.

Wei: 2 conditions: things get done and people know what you are doing.

   Document decisions made alone.
   So people understand why.

Project Git will try to remove debugging code.
 and produce a status report for monday.
Josh will produce a team wide status report.
2015-02-07 15:26:57
