
2015-03-01 16:06:17


JP wanted something to facilitate pair programming.


Wei survey results:

Sample Size: 11

90% said syntax.

What they did.

Evaluated. Integrated psysiology major.
  Hardest part syntax and functions.
  i.e. what was static.
  
Trend talking to someone else about programming helped.

Talking to a tutor.

Object-oriented to functional programming issues.

--
Used different questions for professors.

What makes it easier for your students to learn?

JP said plug and play like green foot and scratch.
  i.e. program the cars and see them move around.

Shultz -- role playing and acting out.
  Have a network program that has students work on the same code
  Over the monitor split screen.
  That aligns w/ JP idea.

JP Not building good enough coding habits in CS2.

  Facilitate better programming practice.

Basides syntax another common issue is data structure
  visualization and algorithms.

What helped is talking to someone about?

--

Miguel: Idea: make an ext that makes it easier for them to understand compiler errors.
  Explain where it would occur and what happened.

--
Wei: we could add that to a larger ext called the facilitator ext which
  does everything we want it to do.

---
Thomas: Up for coding anything. Project.

Wei: Lets make one big extension that has everything.
  We have a main ext and we build classes into that ext.
  We can work in parrelel.


Wei: should have another survey?


Josh: are we confident on the decision?

Wei: We have surveys and online backup.

    We should grow a project.
    Start with something super small.
    This is a cool idea lets build on that.

Josh: So we build an iteration and get feedback.

Wei: We build a demo
   and from there keep adding.

Wei: There is two ways to go about this
   One big extension that would help people.
   Or we make a list and show it Jody.

Josh: one week project.


Wei: THe next iteration is this.


Team break:


Josh: I would be cool w/ a project idea.

Everyone: Lets compile a list and send it to Jody.
  
Ideas:
 Thread Visualization.
 Stack/heap visualization
 API Doc.
 Explain errors.
 Split screen network program.
 Pair programming facilitator
 Pair programming timer.
 Ask teacher.
 
Students love the idea of something that helps them find what they.

 Thread and heap is good the students want to know what they are doing.
   API Doc.
   Explain compile errors.
  
 They liked typing in english and having the program split something back out.
 They liked the error.

Miguel: SInce JP is manager then he must approve idea.

Wei: We got through the students then JP and waste 2.
     We go through the JP then students and they don't like it and we waste 2 days.

Wei: Go with Miguel. B/c impatience. Too much thinking. Not enough doing. Tired of talking about it.
     If we talk to the students and they shut it down then it would be weird.
     If the students back something up that is we have evidence then there is no way he could shut it down
        unless the idea is implemented. 

Thomas: frustrated b/c we are spinning

Talked about the results from the students.
Dicussed our plan of action for this week.

Wei: post the survey info. and send it to svn.
    Create project list idea.

Josh: Create status message.

Plan:
1. Send project.
2. Make a prototype by Wendesday.
3. Wednesday, network w/ students.



Wei: will post at 6 pm.

2015-03-01 17:54:44
