2015-04-25 12:24

AGENDA
- Rehearse
- Final Presentation
- Project Notebook
- Individual Notebook

DECISIONS
- Final presentation draft to be started tonight
- Everyone will stand fanning out, with three on the left and right.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
- In BlueJ_Project -> Team Documentation -> Team Portfolio, the ToC and annotations
- Documentation for source code complete
- Began listing topics for final pres
- Rehearsed presentation

TO DO
- Readmes need to be updated.

UNANSWERED QUESTIONS

RAW

W: Pool

M: I started annotations, in drive

T: We’re at the point with the outline where we can just fill things out

J So when using LaTeX, there’s a build file to build everything. I have a folder mapped to annotations and a folder mapped to the artifacts, and the document can be created by connecting these together.

T I’ll probably be writing things up in word. We need someone to port from word to latex

J Latex should be able to import.

M We should be writing in google docs so theres no annotation redundancy.

T Do it all in Miguel’s document, because Google Docs can track it. We can pull it down when we’re ready to publish it

N We could make assignments

J And it would take time for people to pull it down. If we had a folder layout, it’d be easier: everything would be mapped. Biggest concern: how do we get this done, really fast.
Rough draft of final pres should be due this weekend. Final pres rough should be done by the 26th.

T I’d rather work on the final when we’re done with our presentation.

J But if we finish the rough this weekend, that’s less time. I’m a little stressed about that. I can start an outline of the final pres, and then we can revise it.

PROCESS MODEL
- We created user stories, and then code n fixed it.

J I uploaded week by week notebook that we could use as an artifact

T I’m going to take our smartboard pictures and make a flow diagram

M What are we working on?

W Don’t stress out out of the documents. The online copy is a placeholder for a hard copy, which is the definitive copy. He wants something online to know that it’s due.

N Should we set up some systems to take care of the presentation. Like a process?

J It needs to be organized.

M List things we want to talk about for the presentation. Must relate to project & process.

J Maybe our process is dichotomy. 

W Shoot for 15 minutes. Not 20.

T Does that include demo?

M We should just do it, and however long it is, that’s how long it is

D

J Let’s flesh out some topics for the pres.

T 2 of the 5 groups this semester had set roles; in ours we had people thrown wherever. 

T We did not adhere to ONE process model. We took bits and pieces of different process models.