
2015-02-09 15:03:46


Thomas: likes a sweet of extensions.
   We can pick several extensions.
   Everybody gets to play everyrole.

Agenda: talk about the final project ideas
  talk about the presentations.


Thomas: We gave a presentation last semester about the
  principles of waterfall and then sprinkled clues about how we used.

  That is, here is what it is general and here is how we applied.

Di: Generalizing makes ideas useful for others.

Thomas: the process is to pick a project and try and make it useful to others.

Wei: In regards, to JP Git project suggestion
  is everyone in favor of a suite of extensions.


Thomas: want two more extensions to call it a suite.

Di: Ext in the suite don't have to be related.

Wei: We can do the API downloader idea.

Thomas: an offline API browser.

Nate: Fine w/ suite.

Josh: the pro of a suite is less pressure on the idea choosing.

Nate: con we never make anything useful.

Thomas: Reflecting on the time line to Git project.


Wei: If we do the suite then the Git Project should be documented regardless.
   Would like everyone working on the presentation at once.

Thomas: RPI it.
  Have team members do a skit.

Nate: RPI would make more content.

Thomas: Goal -- value for us and audience, but, I need to enjoy it.

Wei: have a guy in the audience

Thomas: show pair programming vs chief programming.

Josh: we need to top down design tasks.

Nate: We need rehersals.

Di: people need to read lines.

Thomas: the people reading the lines off the slides could be scripted.
   Some people 

Di: We need a structure planned out.

Thomas: Some people could be on improv.

Di: we need to be in the same place for a rehersal.

Thomas: we could let JP know we need to leave the room for rehersals.

   We know class periods will have everyone here.

We decide to use imprav on what we learned.

We decided not to go to Comedy Works.

We decided on the British Bulldog.

Wei: If we did not do suites then we would have to put project Git on 
   back burner.

Wei: If we did suites then would could keep working on Project Git.

Thomas: Creating an installer in net beans is easy for net beans.

Wei: A con would be taking time to make the installer on suite.

Nate: pro for no suite. Focused making a polished project.

Thomas: con for suite. Scope. Might choose something too big.


Thomas: Either way, tomorrow is a prep for wednesday
   Wednesday and scope the idea and do research.
  Get an idea for what would be involved.

Miguel: would we still be in sep rpojects.

Thomas: multiple lines of of production.

Josh: there could be a task list.

  One person needs to make sure that there is enough HR staffing for 
    that project.

Thomas: Let there be one founder that makes sure that project
   moves forward.

Nathan: Butting heads.
  For example, if two projects need hours and there is not enough hours
   to go around.

Josh: We could choose project proirities to begin with.

Wei: set a cap on the projects that can be worked on.

Thomas: this may not be a problem if they are staggered.

Wei: The suite may require more documentation which could be con.
   It could provide more ways to track our project..

Wei: Keep work out of the team building.

Josh: likes suite + more creativity, I can keep working on suite.

Thomas: Everybody gets what we want.

Wei: Likes the installer.

Nate:
  Suite rigidity can be a curse to projects.

Miguel: Votes suite for project Git.

Thomas: We should research intentions.
  Give a rough estimate on what it would take.
  Think about what we need for presentations.

2015-02-09 15:54:59
