2015-01-23 17:01:31 

What Should the ext do?


BlueJ able to compile PHP

Code support C++ ect.


Group Assignment:

Each person analyses possible project outcomes.


---

Miguel:
Clarify each project outcome.
Remove ambiguity.


Wei: Understands what we mean by the project we want to do.


Wei: Puts his vote in for svn b/c it comes with redmine.

Di: votes the same.

Miguel: Votes the same.

Nate: says its the one he used to.

Josh: Since we know those tools we don't have to spend time learning.

Thomas: has never used redmine.

Wei: YOu just need to knw how to write wiki pages and create issues.


Team names Ideas
Bird feeder
Extendables


Characteristics:
Wei: Proud of it.
Nathan: Something that motivates us.
Di: BirdFeedr


We are choosing Team BirdFeedr w/o the last e because we are making extensions.
 We invision our team as feeding the BlueJ community.

---

Wei: Wants one out of class meeting per week.
 Make sure everyone is on the same page.
 We can do it more often as needed.
 A few key people need to be there.
 i.e. only people that are coding the extension.

JOsh: one or more meetings weekly.
 
Di: The weekly the meeting will allow us to touch base.

Wei: class will be mostly teaching.
  Record each meeting so we can keep track.

Wei: we could have a folder in svn for reports corresponding to the project
  notebook.

Thomas: volunteering for managing svn.

  Individuals do not have a notebook but rather a portfolio.

Wei: Update the project notebook after every meeting.

Thomas: The notebook should be in the svn repo.

Josh: There will be a report after each meeting in the notebook.

Wei: Current status -- deciding our extension.
  Everyone should report on that on Monday.

Nathan: Discuss the extension on monday. Clearify.
Miguel Research

FInished svn, metric tracking, team name.
Todo Process model, choosing extension.

Josh: exp for tiem tracking.

Nathan: Suggestion -- Note what you did b4 the day is over.

Di: agrees.
Miguel: Agrees.


Group Policy -- Track which you did each day if it applies to project.


The report policy b/c effective after redmines comes online.

Time tracking b/c active in the pen and paper sense.
 Once redmine becomes online then the time tracking policy becomes effective.



Wei -- emails jody w/ team name, svn/redmine.


We met our meeting time.

Nathan: never used blueJ. Will play around with it.
2015-01-23 18:02:57 
