2015-02-11 14:04:19

Wei: Pair programming is the topic of presentation.

Wei: show a bad programming approach and show pair programming as the solution.

Nate: Focus on pair programming and show how not to do it.


Wei: research what makes pair programming effective.

Nate: sometimes its faster just to program it solo.
 Long term, it could be benefitcial.

Wei: Everybody participates.

Nate: Two people present, Two people do the bad, and two people do the good.

Wei: the first person goes last to bring familarity.

Wei: show the two good helping out the two bad.

Di: some people could be doing research. Others could be presenting.

Wei: have project git working and add one small feature to project chirp.

Wei: Do a Saturday group meeting.

  Next week we will be rehearsing.

Nate: its on the 25th

Di: yes.

Wei: Monday half present research, other half rehearse it.
  and fix it if we don't like it.

Thomas: we need to define a cut off point for project Git.

Josh: Instead of cutting Git off, we could just plan one iteration at a time.
  

Wei: We could be the QA team.

Nate: make project Git worth while.

Josh: We would need to write user stories and priority.
   and pick the highest priority first.

Josh: we could create QA tasks and send them over.

DI: we could check on things using our checklist.

Josh: could you document the checklist.

Miguel: the next prj should be decided by everyone.

Wei: We should get more input from our side.

2015-02-11 14:32:22

2015-02-11 15:23:39

Wei: What is our market?

Nate: Go talk to CS1 students about what they want.

Wei: ask JP what he wants.

Wei: mission statement: help teachers.

Di: make BlueJ easy to use and make Java easy to use.

   Range user just picked up BLueJ 1 to 2 years.

Josh: should we create an umbrella for new project or existing projects.


Di: swift has a playground feature.

Josh: We could start next week on a mission statement.

Mission Statement: Encourage students and teachers to use BlueJ.

Wei: Goal 1: talk to teachers and students to see what they need.

Di: Jody wants a vision statement.
   We need to figure it out.
  What will we development.

  Help make Java easier to use by enhancing BlueJ.
  We would have to cease dev.

  Make java easier to teach and use using BlueJ.
  When someone is in CS1 one, they don't lern version control.

Thomas: expand mission statement: Provide tools to help Java.


Miguel: What would be the first thing.

Wei: ask teachers what they want.


BlueJ has intellisense.

2015-02-11 15:57:31

