2015-02-14 14:02:57 
Product vision on the agenda

General consensus to shelf project Git

Wei: project git has lingered on unintentially.

Miguel: shouldn't we come up with a vision statement and see if Git
   fits under that.

Wei: We need to work on our presentation.

Nate: presentation and vision research could go together.

Josh: we should be prioritzing by grade value.

Wei: so the higher priority should be on vision.

  Monday we could spend half on the vision
  and the other half should be on the presentation.

Di: so we should spend the rest of the time on the meeting on the vision.
  lets move towards the vision.

Wei: Extensions that faciliate learning for students and instructors.
  that covers almost anything we could do on BlueJ.
 Alternative: ext that specifically facilitate students and instructors.
  pro -- we can ask students here and teachers.
    so more contact with the client.

Miguel: likes the 1st one b/c it gives us more freedom.

Wei: A broad statement could come back to bite us  b/c
  we don't have a sense of purpose..

Miguel: if we get too narrow.

Nate: groups last year had trouble with taking control of their own projects.

SOURCE: http://www.changefactory.com.au/our-thinking/articles/the-components-of-a-good-vision-statement/

Nate: we have our own vision statements. We just need to align them.


Di: Do we all want to support the vision statement of helping students learn.

Wei: I am.

Nate: I think so. Teaching something you don't know and making something
  you know easier.


Di: BlueJ is meant as a learning experience first and a coding experience 2nd.

Nate: Learning approaches should be like training wheels that people stop using.
Wei: We could make a something like a paper clip from Word.

Di: one of the major obstacles is the fear that I am jumping into something
  I don't know.
  Could we make an ext that overcomes that.

Wei: The idea of coming up with a presentation similar to https://scratch.mit.edu/#
  Similar to that but different.


Josh: lets create a document to help us when we get confused.
  One of the sections would have a vision statement.

Wei: would we include decisions in that.

Nate: maybe we failed at the coming together.

Di: a vision should give people a picture.
  Present tense.
  Emotion.
  Picture.
  Expression.
  Do not confuse with business goals.

Josh: Students who love java haha.

Wei: Simple. Evokes emotion. Summarizes with powerful phrase.
   We make extensions that do things that are awesome.

Di: Trying is putting us in the right mindset.

Nate: We want to make a product that  when used by a CS student will enhance
  their understanding.

Wei: We make extensions that make learning java easy.

Wei: I dream that our ext will make learning java easy.

Di: Lets stay away from using ext.

Wei: produce software to make learning Java easier.

Miguel: Elicit the teaching of java in CS students.
 elicit = draw out.

Di: I will describe a pic in my head.
  CS students approach CS students with an open mind and find it fun and rewarding.
 Change the image from something imposible to fun and interactive.

Josh: introduce more creativity.
*Nate:

Nate: programming college is very rule based.
  I had fun being explorative and creative.

Di: My drive was to make something and build.
 The emotion was to build stuff.
  but the rules get in the way.

Nate: creative programmers are highly successful.

Josh: We would like to inspire creativity in CS students.

Wei: Inspire CS students to become better programmer.

Di: We strive to remove to remove barriers of computer science to make it
  a rewarding experience.
2015-02-14 15:03:15 
2015-02-14 15:07:54 

The vision gives us a broad scope and direction.
  It keeps us from getting confused.

The project or business goals help accomplish that vision.

Di: Leave everything we have worked on in a ready state or continue working?

Conitnue working.

Meeting break.
2015-02-14 15:09:28 
2015-02-14 15:12:26 

Wei: the last 10 minutes we should prepare the atatus update.

Wei: we need proper justification for vision statement.

Josh: each barrier b/c a project.

Di: i.e. Java syntax, compiler errors, bugs that show up.

Nate: unnatural incorporations of the java syntax.

Di: Differences b/t the way holiwood portrays CS and reality.

Josh: students can't easily make connections b/t statements and behavior.

WeI: remove the end: rewarding*

Di: wants to keep rewarding in.

Miguel: implies CS is not rewarding.

Nate: we know a secret about CS.

Josh: We strive to encourage education by give students over their learning experience.

Josh: We seek to make programming a fun and interactive learning experience.

Wei: Project idea: jargon library explains typical constructs i.e. int i = 0;
 
Miguel: Simplify the teaching of computer science to students.


Nate: Faciliate learning why? That is where the emotion.

Josh: the current state is that most people drop CS classes.

Josh: help people reach their dreams of computer science creativity
  by removing the barriers that make learning programming difficult.

Wei: to help people reach their dreams of computer science creativity by making the barriers of programming less difficult.


Wei: This is what we want to do and this how we will do it.
  What we want and how we want.

Di: Lowers the barriers => we will make you easier.

Miguel: You could also think of it as we lower it all the way.

Nate: One makes the programmer stronger.

Di: We do have the power to make it easier to learn.

Nate: if we want them to learn then they will eventually need to tackle that
   those goals.

Wei: 2nd a little. We remove thE barriers and not their barriers.
  make a reference to them.

Josh: what are the state of the barriers to programming.

Nate: we help them navigate the barriers to programming.

Di: the tools help them overcome permentantly.

Wei: I pick miguel's.

Di: Should we be allowed to change this later?
  If no then put weight on this being the right vision statement.

Di: Lets get everyone's opinions.

Josh: I think its down to the precision we need.

Miguel: It encompasses everything.

Nate: Its good. We never not want to make a tool

Di: Based on the above reasons, I think its good.

Vision Statement:

To help people reach their computer science dreams by providing tools that help overcome barriers of programming.

2015-02-14 16:02:39 
2015-02-14 16:02:55 

To inspire people to reach their computer science dreams by providing tools that help them overcome barriers of programming.

Status update:

---

Nate: if we had a policy doc then people prefix a tangent with "this is a tanget".

Di: a tanget should be done.

Status update:

Created our vision statement.
   Our mission statement is ...

Brought unity back to our team.

Talked about issues dividing us.

   philisophy -- con of splitting up is the difficulty rejoining.

New policy for tangents.

Closing out project Git.
  Nate could explain why.
  Nate -- git was not a bad project.
    trying to run too fast.
    the project was making the decisions.

New policy about final decisions.
    go into a final decision with consensus has to unanimous.
    to break a decision we need unanimous decisions.

Create a document to help us when we feel confused 
  that includes the vision statement.
--

Update Thomas.

Wei: make decision section in the document (vision document).

Next class first half on presentations and 2nd half on project topics.
  2nd half after the break.

2015-02-14 16:29:45 
